Openpype settings project Kitsu (#5144)
ynput/OpenPype: website/docs/project_settings/settings_project_kitsu.md

---
id: settings_project_kitsu
title: Project KItsu Setting
sidebar_label: Kitsu
---

# Entities naming pattern

> Allows to organize hierarchically the Episodes, Sequences et Shots into their folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows to organize hierarchically the Episodes, Sequences and Shots into their folders.
```

By just reading this docs with no more information I'm not entirely sure how this "allows me to hierarchically organize into folders. The settings (aside form being Episodes, Sequences and Shots) seem to have no hierarchical setting tweaks at all? It only seems to set some naming. This might be worth elaborating on what this does when changing the values in the settings. What changes if I change Episode to `Hello_World`. And also what does the `##` do in the name, is the `##` required?, etc.

![Kitsu Naming Pattern](assets/settings_project_kitsu_NamingPattern.png)

# Publish plugins
## Integrate Kitsu Note & Status change conditions

> More informations [here](module_kitsu/#prepare-kitsu-for-openpype.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On publish the Kitsu statuses can be changed and accompanying notes can be uploaded to Kitsu. For more information see [preparing Kitsu for OpenPype - Integrate Kitsu Note plugin.](module_kitsu/#prepare-kitsu-for-openpype.md).
```

Also, does this link work? (It didn't in the github preview since it's a folder up, but maybe it does work after build of docs?)
